Doc multiple java agent extension  (#6132) (#6133)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: examples/extension/README.md

          -Dotel.javaagent.extensions=build/libs/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation-extension-demo-1.0-all.jar
          -jar myapp.jar
     ```

> for multiple extensions, using jar files directory path for `otel.javaagent.extensions` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: to load multiple extensions, you can specify a directory path for the `otel.javaagent.extensions` value.
```
